docs: begin removal of internal "spec" directories (#634)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/overview.md

IBC clients are on-chain light clients. Each light client is identified by a unique client-id. 
IBC clients track the consensus states of other blockchains, along with the proof spec necessary to 
properly verify proofs against the client's consensus state. A client can be associated with any number 
of connections to the counterparty chain. The client identifier is auto generated using the client type 
and the global client counter appended in the format: `{client-type}-{N}`. 

A `ClientState` should contain chain specific and light client specific information necessary for verifying updates
and upgrades to the IBC client. The `ClientState` may contain information such as chain-id, latest height, proof specs, 
unbonding periods or the status of the light client. The `ClientState` should not contain information that
is specific to a given block at a certain height, this is the function of the `CosnensusState`. Each `ConsensusState`
should be associated with a unique block and should be referenced using a height. IBC clients are given a 
client identifier prefixed store to store their associated client state and consensus states along with 

> any metadata associated with the consensus states. Consensus states are stored using their associated height. 

Author: Could we open an issue to do this for all docs in ibc-go? I'm sure there are many places this could be updated

> any metadata associated with the consensus states. Consensus states are stored using their associated height. 

Reviewer: Yes, makes sense. We could open a generic issue to make sure documentation follows the Google style guide.

* [Localhost (loopback) client](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/modules/light-clients/09-localhost): Useful for
testing, simulation, and relaying packets to modules on the same application.

### IBC Client Heights

IBC Client Heights are represented by the struct:

```go
type Height struct {
   RevisionNumber uint64

>    RevisionHeight  uint64

Reviewer 2: Mega nit, remove space to align `uint64` types.

```suggestion
   RevisionHeight uint64
```

}
```

The `RevisionNumber` represents the revision of the chain that the height is representing.

> An revision typically represents a continuous, monotonically increasing range of block-heights.

Reviewer 2: Should this read as: "A revision..."

```suggestion
A revision typically represents a continuous, monotonically increasing range of block-heights.
```

The `RevisionHeight` represents the height of the chain within the given revision.

> On any reset of the `RevisionHeight`, for example, when hard-forking a Tendermint chain,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On any reset of the `RevisionHeight`—for example, when hard-forking a Tendermint chain—
```
Reference: https://developers.google.com/style/format-examples?hl=en

the `RevisionNumber` will get incremented. This allows IBC clients to distinguish between a
block-height `n` of a previous revision of the chain (at revision `p`) and block-height `n` of the current
revision of the chain (at revision `e`).

`Heights` that share the same revision number can be compared by simply comparing their respective `RevisionHeights`.

> Heights that do not share the same revision number will only be compared using their respective `RevisionNumbers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Height`s that do not share the same revision number will only be compared using their respective `RevisionNumber`s.
```

Thus a height `h` with revision number `e+1` will always be greater than a height `g` with revision number `e`,
**REGARDLESS** of the difference in revision heights.

Ex:

```go
Height{RevisionNumber: 3, RevisionHeight: 0} > Height{RevisionNumber: 2, RevisionHeight: 100000000000}
```

When a Tendermint chain is running a particular revision, relayers can simply submit headers and proofs with the revision number

> given by the chain's chainID, and the revision height given by the Tendermint block height. When a chain updates using a hard-fork 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
given by the chain's `chainID`, and the revision height given by the Tendermint block height. When a chain updates using a hard-fork 
```

and resets its block-height, it is responsible for updating its chain-id to increment the revision number.

> IBC Tendermint clients then verifies the revision number against their `ChainId` and treat the `RevisionHeight` as the Tendermint block-height.

Reviewer: Not sure which one is better: `ChainId`, `chainID` or `chain-id`, but I just picked one.

> Tendermint chains wishing to use revisions to maintain persistent IBC connections even across height-resetting upgrades must format their chain-ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tendermint chains wishing to use revisions to maintain persistent IBC connections even across height-resetting upgrades must format their `chainID`s
```

> in the following manner: `{chainID}-{revision_number}`. On any height-resetting upgrade, the chainID **MUST** be updated with a higher revision number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the following manner: `{chainID}-{revision_number}`. On any height-resetting upgrade, the `chainID` **MUST** be updated with a higher revision number
```

than the previous value.

Ex:

- Before upgrade ChainID: `gaiamainnet-3`

> - After upgrade ChainID: `gaiamainnet-4`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After upgrade `chainID`: `gaiamainnet-4`
```

Clients that do not require revisions, such as the solo-machine client, simply hardcode `0` into the revision number whenever they
need to return an IBC height when implementing IBC interfaces and use the `RevisionHeight` exclusively.

> Other client-types may implement their own logic to verify the IBC Heights that relayers provide in their `Update`, `Misbehavior`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other client-types can implement their own logic to verify the IBC heights that relayers provide in their `Update`, `Misbehavior`, and
```

`Verify` functions respectively.

> The IBC interfaces expect an `ibcexported.Height` interface, however all clients should use the concrete implementation provided in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IBC interfaces expect an `ibcexported.Height` interface, however all clients must use the concrete implementation provided in
```

> `02-client/types` and reproduced above.

Reviewer: What does it mean `and reproduced above`?

Author: I think the concrete `Height` type is defined in the docs (reproduced). I didn't write these docs so I'm not 100% sure

associated with the `ChannelEnd` executes its callback. So
on `ChanOpenInit`, the module on chain A executes its callback `OnChanOpenInit`.

The channel identifier is auto derived in the format: `channel-{N}` where N is the next sequence to be used. 

Just as ports came with dynamic capabilities, channel initialization returns a dynamic capability
that the module **must** claim so that they can pass in a capability to authenticate channel actions
like sending packets. The channel capability is passed into the callback on the first parts of the
handshake; either `OnChanOpenInit` on the initializing chain or `OnChanOpenTry` on the other chain.

> #### Closing Channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Closing channels
```

> Closing a channel occurs in occurs in 2 handshake steps as defined in [ICS 04](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/tree/master/spec/core/ics-004-channel-and-packet-semantics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closing a channel occurs in 2 handshake steps as defined in [ICS 04](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/tree/master/spec/core/ics-004-channel-and-packet-semantics).
```

> `ChanCloseInit` will close a channel on the executing chain if the channel exists, it is not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ChanCloseInit` closes a channel on the executing chain if the channel exists, it is not 
```
Ref: https://developers.google.com/style/tense?hl=en

already closed and the connection it exists upon is OPEN. Channels can only be closed by a 
calling module or in the case of a packet timeout on an ORDERED channel.

`ChanCloseConfirm` is a response to a counterparty channel executing `ChanCloseInit`. The channel

> on the executing chain will be closed if the channel exists, the channel is not already closed, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the executing chain closes if the channel exists, the channel is not already closed, 
```
